races/index.md, before:

---
layout: post
title: The 2015 Race Season
---

This year I will be *attempting* to complete **3 trifectas** or 9 [Spartan races](http://spartan.com) and another **3** [Tough Mudder](http://toughmudder.com) races. I know, it's crazy. Perhaps even impossible. But the more I can do with friends, the better!

**Saturday, April 18, 2015** \\
[Tri-State New Jersey Spartan Beast](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=494/tri-state-new-jersey-beast)

**Saturday, May 9, 2015** \\
[Citi Field Spartan Sprint](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=420/citi-field-sprint-%28stadium%29)

**Saturday, May 30, 2015** \\
[Tri-State New York Spartan Sprint](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=423/tri-state-new-york-sprint)

**Saturday, June 6, 2015** \\
[Tri-State New York Spartan Sprint #2](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=424/tri-state-new-york-sprint-#2)

**Saturday, June 20, 2015** \\
[Boston Spartan Super](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=504/boston-super)

**Saturday, July 11, 2015** \\
[Pennsylvania Spartan Super](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=472/pennsylvania-super)

**Saturday, July 18, 2015** \\
[Pennsylvania Spartan Sprint #2](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=474/pennsylvania-sprint-#2)

**Saturday, September 12, 2015** \\
[Tri-State New Jersey Spartan Super](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=568/tri-state-new-jersey-super)

**Saturday, September 19, 2015** \\
[Vermont Spartan Beast](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=572/vermont-beast)

**Saturday, October 31, 2015** \\
[Dallas Spartan Beast](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=517/dallas-beast)

Commit message:

partial modification to race list

races/index.md, after:

---
layout: post
title: The 2015 Race Season
---

This year I will be *attempting* to complete **3 trifectas** or 9 [Spartan races](http://spartan.com) and another **3** [Tough Mudder](http://toughmudder.com) races. I know, it's crazy. Perhaps even impossible. But what'd makes these races even more fun is if I do it with friends! So let me know if you want to join me and I promise I'll run with you the entire time.

For those who don't know what Spartan races are, they are obstacle course races that usually take place on a mountain. The **beast** is a ~15 mile course, the **super** being ~8 miles and the **sprint** being ~5 miles.

Here's my event list. I have not planned my Tough Mudder races yet since they are later in the year. And of course, if you have a race you'd like me to do, send it over!

**Saturday, April 18, 2015** \\
[Tri-State New Jersey Spartan Beast](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=494/tri-state-new-jersey-beast)

**Saturday, May 9, 2015** \\
[Citi Field Spartan Sprint](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=420/citi-field-sprint-%28stadium%29)

**Saturday, May 30, 2015** \\
[Tri-State New York Spartan Sprint](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=423/tri-state-new-york-sprint)

**Saturday, June 6, 2015** \\
[Tri-State New York Spartan Sprint #2](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=424/tri-state-new-york-sprint-#2)

**Saturday, June 20, 2015** \\
[Boston Spartan Super](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=504/boston-super)

**Saturday, July 11, 2015** \\
[Pennsylvania Spartan Super](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=472/pennsylvania-super)

**Saturday, July 18, 2015** \\
[Pennsylvania Spartan Sprint #2](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=474/pennsylvania-sprint-#2)

**Saturday, September 12, 2015** \\
[Tri-State New Jersey Spartan Super](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=568/tri-state-new-jersey-super)

**Saturday, September 19, 2015** \\
[Vermont Spartan Beast](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=572/vermont-beast)

**Saturday, October 31, 2015** \\
[Dallas Spartan Beast](http://www.spartan.com/events/?event_id=517/dallas-beast)
